Correct descriptions of the asynchronous iterator methods on `FileSystemDirectoryHandle` (#29012)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemdirectoryhandle/values/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("File System API")}}

The **`values()`** method of the
{{domxref("FileSystemDirectoryHandle")}} interface returns a new asynchronous iterator
for the iteration of the value of the entries within the `FileSystemDirectoryHandle`

> on which this method is called. The order of iteration is vague.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on which this method is called.
```

### Return value

A new asynchronous iterator provides a {{jsxref('Promise')}} which fulfills with
an object with the following properties:
  - `done`
    - : A boolean value, representing if the iteration has ended.
  - `value`
    - : A {{domxref("FileSystemHandle")}} object. The handle of the entry.

>         If the iteration has ended, It would be `undefined`.

Author: ```suggestion
        If the iteration has ended, this property would be `undefined`.
```
